Hello
What happened
Oops, no worry. Mechanical stuffs always have issues
Talk too him about this
Life always has ups and downs. The difference is how you percieve them. 
Good, You deserved better than her.
Parents can never be angry with their child for long. Just say sorry and all will be fine.
Call them again. Once their mood changes, they will definitely forgive you
People get trolled everyday on social media Dont take social media seriously
A sheet of paper does not prove your talents. A poor semester does not imply the end of life
You wil. Never get disappointed by failures. Failure is the first step towards success.
Everyone faces such situation in life. You must be having someone. Try to recall.
Try to talk to your professors regarding that. They will definitely solve your problems.
Check for rehabilitation centres. They provide the perfect help in such cases.
Its not your fault that you are born poor but it will be your fault if you die so.
You will definitely get some work. Try to foster your talents. 
Everything in this world has some inherent uncertainity. You do not need to feel insecure. 
Try to find out positives in life. Do not focus on the negative things
Try to do what you like to do. It could be anything. You must be having some hobbies
There are problems in everyone's life. Try to ignore them and focus on your career.
Be positive, you will easily clear the subject next semester.
You will have to work hard but nothing is impossible in this world. Remember that you can do anything
Marks do not measure your talents. Remember, Einstein failed in Physics?
No company deserves you then. Try something new. 
Talk to people. This is a very common problem
Tell them the truth, they will be angry initially but then everything will be fine.
You will enjoy your college for another year then. Try to find out positivity in everything and life will be beautiful
Go for it then. Its never late to pursue your dreams.
Cherish the memories you made and move on. The world is a stage and all men and women merely players
